Add AI policy to contribution guide (#3959)
Pyomo/pyomo: doc/OnlineDocs/contribution_guide.rst

every changed line and must be prepared to explain design choices and review changed
code personally before submitting. The use of PR and issue templates is mandatory and
contributions that do not use the templates will be closed.

PRs with substantial AI-generated portions often require significantly more reviewer
time (including extra scrutiny of tests) and may therefore take longer to review or be
deprioritized, especially when the author is not actively engaging with maintainers
(e.g., responding promptly on the PR, coordinating by email, or participating in
developer calls). To help us review efficiently, contributors must disclose whether and
how AI tools were used and highlight any areas of uncertainty or where they want focused
reviewer feedback.

The use of an AI agent to autonomously open, or comment on, PRs or issues is not
permitted. When interacting with maintainers please do not use AI to speak for you.

We recognize that generative AI tools are rapidly evolving and this AI contribution
policy will be updated regularly based on our observations. The following list includes
specific items we are seeing with AI-generated code contributions and our expectations:

>     * **Use of `mock` in unit tests is prohibited**: We do not allow the use of `mock`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Use of ``mock`` in unit tests is prohibited**: We do not allow the use of ``mock``
```

      in our unit tests unless the developer can explain why they can't do unit testing

>       without it. We have observed that AI-generated unit tests excessively use `mock` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      in our unit tests unless the developer can provide solid justification as to its
      necessity. We have observed that AI-generated unit tests excessively use ``mock`` to
```
The second line mock is the only thing I really care about, but nitpicky phrasing comment.

      write weak tests that ignore the broader context of the code being tested.
    * **Keep comments concise and curated**: Humans are reading every comment on every
      PR and issue. Help us out by keeping comments short and direct. PR review comments

>       can be marked as resolved without commenting "Done" on every one.

Reviewer: I am hesitant about the second sentence on PR review comments. We have gone back and forth about how people should resolve comments (e.g., should they wait until the reviewer says it's good?).

Reviewer 2: I often respond to comments (manually) saying I have completed a requested change.

Reviewer 2: But maybe I should not do that?

Reviewer: Yeah, that's why I don't think I like the guidance here. Even we don't universally follow this.

Author: I'm fine with removing it and will make that change.
